Split-Horizon DNS feature for PSMDB (#302)
percona/everest-doc: docs/reference/known_limitations.md

We are developing a new feature that will allow you to modify these settings directly from the user interface (UI).

## Split-Horizon DNS

> ### Limitations for Percona Operator for MongoDB

Author: Removed

Percona Operator for MongoDB has the following limitations when the Split-Horizon DNS feature is enabled for a specific database cluster:

> - Connecting to ReplicaSet Pods with additional domains is only allowed if the client uses TLS certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connecting to ReplicaSet Pods with Split-Horizon domains is only allowed if the client uses TLS certificates (mTLS) that a signed by the same CA certificate that was used during Split-Horizon DNS config creation.
```

- Duplicate domain names in Horizons for a particular database cluster are not permitted by Percona Operator for MongoDB.

- IP addresses cannot be used in Horizons.

- Horizons **must** be set for **all Pods** of a ReplicaSet or not set at all.

### Limitations for Percona Everest

Here are the limitations for Percona Everest:

- Split-Horizon DNS feature is supported only by Percona Operator for MongoDB engine. 

> - You cannot the enable the Split-Horizon DNS feature for existing Percona Operator for MongoDB clusters. You can only enable when creating a new Percona Operator for MongoDB cluster. 

Reviewer: Why operator is mentioning here? And please check the rest of text - there are many cases when operator is mentioned out of context

- You cannot disable Split-Horizon DNS feature once you enable it.

- You cannot change the Split-Horizon domains or certificates for an existing cluster.

- Only one Split-Horizon DNS configuration can be applied to a Percona Operator for MongoDB cluster.

- Percona Everest does not allow you to manually set custom domain names for each pod in a ReplicaSet. Instead, you must provide a base domain (e.g., mycompany.com). Percona Everest will automatically generate domain names and TLS certificates for each pod in the ReplicaSet following this pattern: 

    `<DB cluster name>-rs-0-<pod number>-<namespace>.<base domain>`  
   
    ??? example "Example"  
        - my-db-cluster-rs0-0-default.mycompany.com  
        - my-db-cluster-rs0-1-default.mycompany.com 

- Percona Everest is not responsible for managing DNS configuration (i.e., the resolution of domain names). The Percona Everest Admin must properly configure their DNS server to bind the ReplicaSet's private/public IPs to the generated domain names, allowing external applications to access the ReplicaSet pods via these domain names.

>     Percona Everest will provide the Admin with a list of domain names and the corresponding private/public IPs allocated by Kubernetes or the cloud provider.

Reviewer: It is worth to add a use-case  with instructions and screenshots how to obtain such information from DB cluster
